原句：Men often don't like to share their problems.
变异句：
Women often don't like to share their problems.
Men often don't like to profit their problems.
Men often don't like to stock their problems.
Men often don't like to value their problems.
原句：I took the man with him to be his father.
变异句：
I took the boy with him to be his father.
I took the woman with him to be his father.
原句：What's her new man like?
变异句：
What's her current man like?
What's her same man like?
What's her new boy like?
What's her new woman like?
原句：I see he's become a family man.
变异句：
原句：He is a very good man.
变异句：
He is a very best man.
He is a very big man.
He is a very bit man.
He is a very choice man.
He is a very difficult man.
He is a very easy man.
He is a very excellent man.
He is a very fit man.
He is a very fun man.
He is a very great man.
He is a very happy man.
He is a very hard man.
He is a very kind man.
He is a very little man.
He is a very perfect man.
He is a very wonderful man.
原句：What is the ratio of men to women in the department?
变异句：
What is the ratio of women to women in the department?
What is the ratio of men to girls in the department?
What is the ratio of men to men in the department?
原句：The officer refused to let his men take part in the operation.
变异句：
The commander refused to let his men take part in the operation.
The sergeant refused to let his men take part in the operation.
The officer refused to let his women take part in the operation.
The officer refused to let his men take country in the operation.
原句：Dogs must be kept on a lead in the park
变异句：
Animals must be kept on a lead in the park
Dog must be kept on a lead in the park
原句：She took the dog for a walk around the block.
变异句：
She took the dogs for a walk around the block.
She took the cat for a walk around the block.
She took the cats for a walk around the block.
原句：Please keep your dog under control!
变异句：
Please keep your dogs under control!
Please keep your cat under control!
Please keep your cats under control!
原句：Dogs have a very good sense of smell.
变异句：
Animals have a very good sense of smell.
Dog have a very good sense of smell.
Dogs have a very best sense of smell.
Dogs have a very big sense of smell.
Dogs have a very bit sense of smell.
Dogs have a very choice sense of smell.
Dogs have a very difficult sense of smell.
Dogs have a very easy sense of smell.
Dogs have a very excellent sense of smell.
Dogs have a very fit sense of smell.
Dogs have a very fun sense of smell.
Dogs have a very great sense of smell.
Dogs have a very happy sense of smell.
Dogs have a very hard sense of smell.
Dogs have a very kind sense of smell.
Dogs have a very little sense of smell.
Dogs have a very perfect sense of smell.
Dogs have a very wonderful sense of smell.
Dogs have a very good belief of smell.
Dogs have a very good desire of smell.
Dogs have a very good imagination of smell.
Dogs have a very good impression of smell.
Dogs have a very good kind of smell.
Dogs have a very good moment of smell.
Dogs have a very good notion of smell.
Dogs have a very good perception of smell.
Dogs have a very good reflection of smell.
Dogs have a very good sort of smell.
Dogs have a very good wisdom of smell.
原句：Have an apple to keep you going till dinner time.
变异句：
Have an apple to keep you going till breakfast time.
Have an apple to keep you going till lunch time.
Have an apple to keep you going till meal time.
Have an apple to keep you going till supper time.
原句：You can't take your money with you when you go.
变异句：
You can't take your cash with you when you go.
You can't take your fund with you when you go.
You can't take your funds with you when you go.
You can't take your millions with you when you go.
You can't take your tax with you when you go.
原句：Actually, they're there to make money.
变异句：
原句：The money will go towards a new school building.
变异句：
The cash will go towards a new school building.
The fund will go towards a new school building.
The funds will go towards a new school building.
The millions will go towards a new school building.
The tax will go towards a new school building.
The money will go towards a current school building.
The money will go towards a same school building.
The money will go towards a new campus building.
The money will go towards a new college building.
The money will go towards a new student building.
The money will go towards a new teaching building.
The money will go towards a new university building.
原句：Money played an important role in his life.
变异句：
Cash played an important role in his life.
Fund played an important role in his life.
Funds played an important role in his life.
Millions played an important role in his life.
Tax played an important role in his life.
Money played an certain role in his life.
Money played an critical role in his life.
Money played an future role in his life.
Money played an part role in his life.
Money played an particular role in his life.
Money played an significant role in his life.
Money played an such role in his life.
Money played an unique role in his life.
Money played an important roles in his life.
原句：Can you give me some information about the school?
变异句：
Can you give me some data about the school?
Can you give me some source about the school?
Can you give me some sources about the school?
原句：We were shown around the school by one of the students.
变异句：
We were shown around the campus by one of the students.
We were shown around the college by one of the students.
We were shown around the schools by one of the students.
We were shown around the student by one of the students.
We were shown around the students by one of the students.
We were shown around the teaching by one of the students.
We were shown around the university by one of the students.
原句：Chinese will be on the school schedule from next year.
变异句：
Chinese will be on the campus schedule from next year.
Chinese will be on the college schedule from next year.
Chinese will be on the schools schedule from next year.
Chinese will be on the student schedule from next year.
Chinese will be on the students schedule from next year.
Chinese will be on the teaching schedule from next year.
Chinese will be on the university schedule from next year.
原句：Schools must meet the challenge of new technology.
变异句：
Colleges must meet the challenge of new technology.
Education must meet the challenge of new technology.
School must meet the challenge of new technology.
Students must meet the challenge of new technology.
Teachers must meet the challenge of new technology.
Universities must meet the challenge of new technology.
Schools must meet the challenge of current technology.
Schools must meet the challenge of same technology.
原句：We were shown around the school by one of the students.
变异句：
We were shown around the campus by one of the students.
We were shown around the college by one of the students.
We were shown around the schools by one of the students.
We were shown around the student by one of the students.
We were shown around the students by one of the students.
We were shown around the teaching by one of the students.
We were shown around the university by one of the students.
原句：There are no significant differences between the two groups of students.
变异句：
There are no considerable differences between the two groups of students.
There are no critical differences between the two groups of students.
There are no important differences between the two groups of students.
There are no major differences between the two groups of students.
There are no particular differences between the two groups of students.
There are no possible differences between the two groups of students.
There are no potential differences between the two groups of students.
There are no substantial differences between the two groups of students.
There are no significant differences between the two group of students.
There are no significant differences between the two leaders of students.
There are no significant differences between the two members of students.
There are no significant differences between the two organizations of students.
There are no significant differences between the two parties of students.
原句：Students should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
变异句：
Classes should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Colleges should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Faculty should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
School should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Schools should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Student should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Teachers should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Teaching should aim to become more independent of their teachers.
Students should aim to become less independent of their teachers.
原句：Students come here from the four corners of the world.
变异句：
Classes come here from the four corners of the world.
Colleges come here from the four corners of the world.
Faculty come here from the four corners of the world.
School come here from the four corners of the world.
Schools come here from the four corners of the world.
Student come here from the four corners of the world.
Teachers come here from the four corners of the world.
Teaching come here from the four corners of the world.
原句：The book will be invaluable for students in higher education.
变异句：
The author will be invaluable for students in higher education.
The books will be invaluable for students in higher education.
The fiction will be invaluable for students in higher education.
The novel will be invaluable for students in higher education.
The stories will be invaluable for students in higher education.
The story will be invaluable for students in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for classes in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for colleges in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for faculty in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for school in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for schools in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for student in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for teachers in higher education.
The book will be invaluable for students in high education.
The book will be invaluable for students in low education.
The book will be invaluable for students in lower education.
原句：Doctors still don't understand much about the disease.
变异句：
Medical still don't understand much about the disease.
Patient still don't understand much about the disease.
Patients still don't understand much about the disease.
Treatment still don't understand much about the disease.
原句：Doctors do not always have good communication skills.
变异句：
Medical do not always have good communication skills.
Patient do not always have good communication skills.
Patients do not always have good communication skills.
Treatment do not always have good communication skills.
Doctors do not always have best communication skills.
Doctors do not always have big communication skills.
Doctors do not always have difficult communication skills.
Doctors do not always have easy communication skills.
Doctors do not always have excellent communication skills.
Doctors do not always have fit communication skills.
Doctors do not always have fun communication skills.
Doctors do not always have great communication skills.
Doctors do not always have happy communication skills.
Doctors do not always have hard communication skills.
Doctors do not always have kind communication skills.
Doctors do not always have little communication skills.
Doctors do not always have perfect communication skills.
Doctors do not always have wonderful communication skills.
Doctors do not always have good communications skills.
Doctors do not always have good systems skills.
原句：Many robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
变异句：
Certain robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Different robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Few robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
More robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Numerous robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Other robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Several robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Such robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Various robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
Many robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work place by side.
原句：The algorithm is used to process color image or gray image.
变异句：
The algorithm is used to process colors image or gray image.
The algorithm is used to process color images or gray image.
The algorithm is used to process color image or black image.
The algorithm is used to process color image or green image.
The algorithm is used to process color image or white image.
原句：Some people don't know when they're well off.
变异句：
Some americans don't know when they're well off.
Some families don't know when they're well off.
Some hundreds don't know when they're well off.
Some none don't know when they're well off.
Some others don't know when they're well off.
Some thousands don't know when they're well off.
原句：People tend to work hard at this stage of life.
变异句：
Americans tend to work hard at this stage of life.
Families tend to work hard at this stage of life.
Hundreds tend to work hard at this stage of life.
None tend to work hard at this stage of life.
Others tend to work hard at this stage of life.
Thousands tend to work hard at this stage of life.
People tend to work easy at this stage of life.
People tend to work little at this stage of life.
People tend to work more at this stage of life.
People tend to work hard at this stages of life.
原句：American english is significantly different from british english.
变异句：
American english is significantly certain from british english.
American english is significantly distinct from british english.
American english is significantly few from british english.
American english is significantly many from british english.
American english is significantly more from british english.
American english is significantly other from british english.
American english is significantly particular from british english.
American english is significantly same from british english.
American english is significantly similar from british english.
American english is significantly specific from british english.
American english is significantly such from british english.
American english is significantly various from british english.
原句：Will time travel ever become a reality?
变异句：
Will chance travel ever become a reality?
Will day travel ever become a reality?
Will today travel ever become a reality?
Will year travel ever become a reality?
Will time trips ever become a reality?
原句：I travel 40 miles to work every day.
变异句：
I trips 40 miles to work every day.
原句：Flying is quite the best way to travel.
变异句：
Flying is quite the good way to travel.
Flying is quite the best chance to travel.
Flying is quite the best course to travel.
Flying is quite the best hand to travel.
Flying is quite the best idea to travel.
Flying is quite the best kind to travel.
Flying is quite the best life to travel.
Flying is quite the best lot to travel.
Flying is quite the best moment to travel.
Flying is quite the best opportunity to travel.
Flying is quite the best place to travel.
Flying is quite the best question to travel.
Flying is quite the best reason to travel.
Flying is quite the best sort to travel.
Flying is quite the best thing to travel.
Flying is quite the best things to travel.
Flying is quite the best time to travel.
Flying is quite the best trouble to travel.
Flying is quite the best ways to travel.
Flying is quite the best wrong to travel.
原句：The job involves me travelling all over the country.
变异句：
原句：My new job is much the same as the old one.
变异句：
My current job is much the same as the old one.
My same job is much the same as the old one.
My new good is much the same as the old one.
My new job is much the certain as the old one.
My new job is much the different as the old one.
My new job is much the entire as the old one.
My new job is much the few as the old one.
My new job is much the full as the old one.
My new job is much the new as the old one.
My new job is much the other as the old one.
My new job is much the particular as the old one.
My new job is much the present as the old one.
My new job is much the short as the old one.
My new job is much the similar as the old one.
原句：The money is much better in my new job.
变异句：
The cash is much better in my new job.
The fund is much better in my new job.
The funds is much better in my new job.
The millions is much better in my new job.
The tax is much better in my new job.
The money is much better in my current job.
The money is much better in my same job.
原句：Customer relations is an important element of the job.
变异句：
Customers relations is an important element of the job.
Customer cooperation is an important element of the job.
Customer relationship is an important element of the job.
Customer relations is an certain element of the job.
Customer relations is an critical element of the job.
Customer relations is an future element of the job.
Customer relations is an particular element of the job.
Customer relations is an significant element of the job.
Customer relations is an such element of the job.
Customer relations is an unique element of the job.
Customer relations is an important elements of the job.
原句：She's a changed woman since she got that job.
变异句：
She's a changed child since she got that job.
She's a changed mother since she got that job.
She's a changed wife since she got that job.
原句：He was on the plane from new york.
变异句：
He was on the flight from new york.
He was on the jet from new york.
He was on the planes from new york.
He was on the plane from current york.
He was on the plane from same york.
原句：The new store will be open in the spring.
变异句：
The current store will be open in the spring.
The same store will be open in the spring.
The new shop will be open in the spring.
The new shopping will be open in the spring.
The new stores will be open in the spring.
原句：Our new model is already on the stocks and will be available in the spring.
变异句：
Our current model is already on the stocks and will be available in the spring.
Our same model is already on the stocks and will be available in the spring.
Our new concept is already on the stocks and will be available in the spring.
Our new design is already on the stocks and will be available in the spring.
Our new models is already on the stocks and will be available in the spring.
原句：In spring the countryside bursts into life.
变异句：
In summer the countryside bursts into life.
In winter the countryside bursts into life.
In autumn the countryside bursts into life.
原句：Main street won't be happy with this new program.
变异句：
Central street won't be happy with this new program.
Main streets won't be happy with this new program.
Main street won't be crazy with this new program.
Main street won't be fun with this new program.
Main street won't be glad with this new program.
Main street won't be good with this new program.
Main street won't be little with this new program.
Main street won't be proud with this new program.
Main street won't be happy with this current program.
Main street won't be happy with this same program.
原句：I'm not happy with his work this term.
变异句：
I'm not crazy with his work this term.
I'm not fun with his work this term.
I'm not glad with his work this term.
I'm not good with his work this term.
I'm not little with his work this term.
I'm not proud with his work this term.
原句：Many people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
变异句：
Certain people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Different people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Few people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
More people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Numerous people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Other people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Several people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Such people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Various people do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many americans do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many families do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many hundreds do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many none do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many others do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many thousands do not like the idea of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the approach of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the concept of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the fact of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the ideas of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the kind of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the notion of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the question of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the reason of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the sort of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the things of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the view of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the way of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the ways of experiments on animals.
Many people do not like the idea of experiment on animals.
原句：His research work was attacked by animal rights activists.
变异句：
His institute work was attacked by animal rights activists.
His science work was attacked by animal rights activists.
His study work was attacked by animal rights activists.
His research work was attacked by animals rights activists.
His research work was attacked by bird rights activists.
His research work was attacked by animal freedom activists.
原句：The trees form a natural protection from the sun's rays.
变异句：
The tree form a natural protection from the sun's rays.
The trees forms a natural protection from the sun's rays.
原句：There is a direct correlation between exposure to sun and skin cancer.
变异句：
There is a limited correlation between exposure to sun and skin cancer.
There is a possible correlation between exposure to sun and skin cancer.
There is a direct correlation between exposure to sun and tissue cancer.
原句：Can you get dinner while i put the kids to bed?
变异句：
Can you get breakfast while i put the kids to bed?
Can you get lunch while i put the kids to bed?
Can you get meal while i put the kids to bed?
Can you get supper while i put the kids to bed?
Can you get dinner while i put the children to bed?
Can you get dinner while i put the girls to bed?
Can you get dinner while i put the kid to bed?
原句：She has elevated the dinner party into an art form.
变异句：
She has elevated the breakfast party into an art form.
She has elevated the lunch party into an art form.
She has elevated the meal party into an art form.
She has elevated the supper party into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner candidate into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner conservative into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner election into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner elections into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner leader into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner liberal into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner opposition into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner parties into an art form.
She has elevated the dinner party into an collection form.
She has elevated the dinner party into an museum form.
原句：Do you start the day with a good breakfast?
变异句：
Do you start the afternoon with a good breakfast?
Do you start the days with a good breakfast?
Do you start the end with a good breakfast?
Do you start the evening with a good breakfast?
Do you start the hour with a good breakfast?
Do you start the hours with a good breakfast?
Do you start the month with a good breakfast?
Do you start the months with a good breakfast?
Do you start the morning with a good breakfast?
Do you start the night with a good breakfast?
Do you start the opening with a good breakfast?
Do you start the time with a good breakfast?
Do you start the today with a good breakfast?
Do you start the week with a good breakfast?
Do you start the weekend with a good breakfast?
Do you start the weeks with a good breakfast?
Do you start the year with a good breakfast?
Do you start the day with a best breakfast?
Do you start the day with a big breakfast?
Do you start the day with a difficult breakfast?
Do you start the day with a easy breakfast?
Do you start the day with a excellent breakfast?
Do you start the day with a fit breakfast?
Do you start the day with a great breakfast?
Do you start the day with a happy breakfast?
Do you start the day with a hard breakfast?
Do you start the day with a kind breakfast?
Do you start the day with a little breakfast?
Do you start the day with a perfect breakfast?
Do you start the day with a wonderful breakfast?
原句：There were several good bed and breakfasts in the area.
变异句：
There were few good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were many good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were numerous good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were other good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were similar good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were such good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were various good bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several best bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several big bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several difficult bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several easy bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several excellent bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several fit bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several fun bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several great bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several happy bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several hard bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several kind bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several little bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several perfect bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several wonderful bed and breakfasts in the area.
There were several good room and breakfasts in the area.
原句：I use the internet at work, during my lunch hour.
变异句：
I types the internet at work, during my lunch hour.
I use the internet at work, during my breakfast hour.
I use the internet at work, during my dinner hour.
I use the internet at work, during my supper hour.
原句：We have this understanding that nobody talks about work over lunch.
变异句：
原句：The museum needs to find ways of raising cash.
变异句：
The art needs to find ways of raising cash.
The museum needs to find aspects of raising cash.
The museum needs to find future of raising cash.
The museum needs to find idea of raising cash.
The museum needs to find ideas of raising cash.
The museum needs to find ones of raising cash.
The museum needs to find possibilities of raising cash.
The museum needs to find things of raising cash.
The museum needs to find way of raising cash.
原句：I always have some extra cash with me for emergencies.
变异句：
I always have some additional cash with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra amount with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra cost with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra costs with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra credit with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra funds with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra money with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra payment with me for emergencies.
I always have some extra payments with me for emergencies.
原句：She was rewarded for her efforts with a cash bonus.
变异句：
She was rewarded for her effort with a cash bonus.
She was rewarded for her initiative with a cash bonus.
She was rewarded for her progress with a cash bonus.
She was rewarded for her steps with a cash bonus.
She was rewarded for her support with a cash bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a amount bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a cost bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a costs bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a credit bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a funds bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a money bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a payment bonus.
She was rewarded for her efforts with a payments bonus.
原句：This book is the result of 25 years of research.
变异句：
This author is the result of 25 years of research.
This books is the result of 25 years of research.
This fiction is the result of 25 years of research.
This novel is the result of 25 years of research.
This stories is the result of 25 years of research.
This story is the result of 25 years of research.
This book is the result of 25 age of research.
This book is the result of 25 days of research.
This book is the result of 25 decade of research.
This book is the result of 25 decades of research.
This book is the result of 25 months of research.
This book is the result of 25 time of research.
This book is the result of 25 times of research.
This book is the result of 25 weeks of research.
This book is the result of 25 year of research.
原句：The book wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
变异句：
The author wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
The books wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
The fiction wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
The novel wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
The stories wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
The story wasn't anything like as good as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as best as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as big as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as difficult as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as easy as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as great as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as hard as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as little as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as perfect as her first one.
The book wasn't anything like as wonderful as her first one.
原句：I'm afraid our needs do not rate very high with this administration.
变异句：
I'm tired our needs do not rate very high with this administration.
I'm worried our needs do not rate very high with this administration.
I'm wrong our needs do not rate very high with this administration.
I'm afraid our needs do not rate very higher with this administration.
I'm afraid our needs do not rate very level with this administration.
I'm afraid our needs do not rate very low with this administration.
原句：Education has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
变异句：
Academic has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
Educational has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
Schools has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
Social has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
Student has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
Teaching has been given a high-priority rating by the new administration.
Education has been given a high-priority rating by the current administration.
Education has been given a high-priority rating by the same administration.
原句：Two out of three people think the president should resign.
变异句：
Two out of three americans think the president should resign.
Two out of three families think the president should resign.
Two out of three hundreds think the president should resign.
Two out of three none think the president should resign.
Two out of three others think the president should resign.
Two out of three thousands think the president should resign.
Two out of three people think the secretary should resign.
Two out of three people think the vice should resign.
原句：The president appears likely to change course on some key issues.
变异句：
The secretary appears likely to change course on some key issues.
The vice appears likely to change course on some key issues.
The president appears likely to change time on some key issues.
The president appears likely to change way on some key issues.
The president appears likely to change course on some crucial issues.
The president appears likely to change course on some major issues.
原句：I'm worried about the safety of the treatment.
变异句：
I'm afraid about the safety of the treatment.
I'm anxious about the safety of the treatment.
I'm aware about the safety of the treatment.
I'm surprised about the safety of the treatment.
I'm worse about the safety of the treatment.
原句：It's only human nature to be worried about change.
变异句：
It's only human aspect to be worried about change.
It's only human aspects to be worried about change.
It's only human context to be worried about change.
It's only human view to be worried about change.
原句：The police are worried that the man may be armed.
变异句：
The authorities are worried that the man may be armed.
The officers are worried that the man may be armed.
The police are afraid that the man may be armed.
The police are anxious that the man may be armed.
The police are aware that the man may be armed.
The police are surprised that the man may be armed.
The police are worse that the man may be armed.
The police are worried that the boy may be armed.
The police are worried that the woman may be armed.
原句：What time do you usually wake up in the morning?
变异句：
What chance do you usually wake up in the morning?
What course do you usually wake up in the morning?
What day do you usually wake up in the morning?
What days do you usually wake up in the morning?
What end do you usually wake up in the morning?
What fact do you usually wake up in the morning?
What good do you usually wake up in the morning?
What months do you usually wake up in the morning?
What place do you usually wake up in the morning?
What times do you usually wake up in the morning?
What today do you usually wake up in the morning?
What way do you usually wake up in the morning?
What weeks do you usually wake up in the morning?
What year do you usually wake up in the morning?
What years do you usually wake up in the morning?
原句：She woke every morning at the same time.
变异句：
She woke every afternoon at the same time.
She woke every day at the same time.
She woke every days at the same time.
She woke every evening at the same time.
She woke every hour at the same time.
She woke every hours at the same time.
She woke every night at the same time.
She woke every week at the same time.
She woke every weekend at the same time.
She woke every morning at the certain time.
She woke every morning at the different time.
She woke every morning at the entire time.
She woke every morning at the few time.
She woke every morning at the full time.
She woke every morning at the kind time.
She woke every morning at the less time.
She woke every morning at the more time.
She woke every morning at the new time.
She woke every morning at the other time.
She woke every morning at the particular time.
She woke every morning at the present time.
She woke every morning at the short time.
She woke every morning at the similar time.
原句：Any day now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
变异句：
Any afternoon now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any days now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any end now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any evening now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any hour now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any hours now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any month now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any months now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any morning now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any night now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any opening now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any time now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any today now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any week now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any weekend now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any weeks now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any year now, the northern forces may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the central forces may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the southern forces may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the western forces may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern army may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern command may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern force may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern military may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern resistance may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern soldiers may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern troops may pour across the new border.
Any day now, the northern forces may pour across the current border.
Any day now, the northern forces may pour across the same border.
原句：They spent many days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
变异句：
They spent certain days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent different days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent few days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent more days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent numerous days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent other days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent several days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent such days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent various days cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many afternoon cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many day cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many end cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many hour cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many hours cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many month cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many months cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many morning cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many night cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many time cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many times cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many week cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many weekend cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many weeks cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many year cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many years cruising the northern pacific ocean.
They spent many days cruising the central pacific ocean.
They spent many days cruising the southern pacific ocean.
They spent many days cruising the western pacific ocean.
原句：A truck ran out of control on the hill.
变异句：
A bus ran out of control on the hill.
A car ran out of control on the hill.
A cars ran out of control on the hill.
A vehicle ran out of control on the hill.
A vehicles ran out of control on the hill.
A truck ran out of power on the hill.
A truck ran out of system on the hill.
原句：There was a car behind that was trying to pass me.
变异句：
There was a automobile behind that was trying to pass me.
There was a bus behind that was trying to pass me.
There was a cars behind that was trying to pass me.
There was a driver behind that was trying to pass me.
There was a truck behind that was trying to pass me.
There was a vehicle behind that was trying to pass me.
There was a vehicles behind that was trying to pass me.
原句：She made helpful comments on my work.
变异句：
She made careful comments on my work.
She made useful comments on my work.
She made helpful criticism on my work.
She made helpful statements on my work.
She made helpful suggestion on my work.
原句：This book is divided into two distinct parts.
变异句：
This author is divided into two distinct parts.
This books is divided into two distinct parts.
This fiction is divided into two distinct parts.
This novel is divided into two distinct parts.
This stories is divided into two distinct parts.
This story is divided into two distinct parts.
This book is divided into two characteristic parts.
This book is divided into two different parts.
原句：What had seemed impossible now seemed a distinct possibility.
变异句：
What had seemed able now seemed a distinct possibility.
What had seemed difficult now seemed a distinct possibility.
What had seemed impossible now seemed a characteristic possibility.
What had seemed impossible now seemed a different possibility.
原句：Lieutenant, you need to wait outside, please.
变异句：
原句：My best friend has been like a sister to me.
变异句：
My good friend has been like a sister to me.
My best brother has been like a sister to me.
My best cousin has been like a sister to me.
My best daughter has been like a sister to me.
My best father has been like a sister to me.
My best friends has been like a sister to me.
My best husband has been like a sister to me.
My best mother has been like a sister to me.
My best son has been like a sister to me.
My best uncle has been like a sister to me.
My best wife has been like a sister to me.
My best friend has been like a cousin to me.
My best friend has been like a daughter to me.
My best friend has been like a husband to me.
My best friend has been like a mother to me.
My best friend has been like a wife to me.
原句：For reasons of security the door is always kept locked.
变异句：
For changes of security the door is always kept locked.
For circumstances of security the door is always kept locked.
For decisions of security the door is always kept locked.
For difficulties of security the door is always kept locked.
For extent of security the door is always kept locked.
For fact of security the door is always kept locked.
For future of security the door is always kept locked.
For none of security the door is always kept locked.
For possibility of security the door is always kept locked.
For problems of security the door is always kept locked.
For question of security the door is always kept locked.
For reason of security the door is always kept locked.
For subject of security the door is always kept locked.
For terms of security the door is always kept locked.
For reasons of government the door is always kept locked.
For reasons of military the door is always kept locked.
For reasons of officials the door is always kept locked.
For reasons of security the doors is always kept locked.
For reasons of security the floor is always kept locked.
For reasons of security the room is always kept locked.
For reasons of security the window is always kept locked.
原句：A final settlement must respect minority rights.
变异句：
A fifth settlement must respect minority rights.
A third settlement must respect minority rights.
A final settlement must desire minority rights.
原句：This scene was cut from the final version of the movie.
变异句：
This scenes was cut from the final version of the movie.
This scene was cut from the fifth version of the movie.
This scene was cut from the third version of the movie.
This scene was cut from the final original of the movie.
原句：He lost the use of his legs in an accident.
变异句：
He lost the example of his legs in an accident.
He lost the instance of his legs in an accident.
He lost the system of his legs in an accident.
He lost the types of his legs in an accident.
He lost the use of his fingers in an accident.
He lost the use of his knees in an accident.
He lost the use of his leg in an accident.
He lost the use of his nose in an accident.
He lost the use of his shoulder in an accident.
He lost the use of his shoulders in an accident.
原句：She could not feel her legs.
变异句：
原句：There had never been any necessity for her to go out to work.
变异句：
There had never been any importance for her to go out to work.
原句：We recognize the necessity for a written agreement.
变异句：
We recognize the importance for a written agreement.
原句：Water is a basic necessity of life.
变异句：
Dry is a basic necessity of life.
Wet is a basic necessity of life.
Water is a essential necessity of life.
Water is a practical necessity of life.
Water is a basic importance of life.
原句：They produced two reports, neither of which contained any useful suggestions.
变异句：
They produced two reports, neither of which contained any helpful suggestions.
They produced two reports, neither of which contained any practical suggestions.
They produced two reports, neither of which contained any specific suggestions.
They produced two reports, neither of which contained any suitable suggestions.
原句：It's a useful introduction to an extremely complex subject.
变异句：
It's a helpful introduction to an extremely complex subject.
It's a practical introduction to an extremely complex subject.
It's a specific introduction to an extremely complex subject.
It's a suitable introduction to an extremely complex subject.
原句：With such a weak heart she was lucky to come through the operation.
变异句：
With many a weak heart she was lucky to come through the operation.
With such a strong heart she was lucky to come through the operation.
With such a stronger heart she was lucky to come through the operation.
With such a weak pain she was lucky to come through the operation.
原句：The state does not collect enough revenue to cover its expenditure.
变异句：
The state does not collect enough cost to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough costs to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough income to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough net to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough profit to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough revenues to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough sales to cover its expenditure.
The state does not collect enough value to cover its expenditure.
原句：The picture shows the couple together on their yacht.
变异句：
The image shows the couple together on their yacht.
The pictures shows the couple together on their yacht.
The picture shows the friends together on their yacht.
The picture shows the parents together on their yacht.
原句：In order to get a complete picture, further information is needed.
变异句：
In order to get a entire picture, further information is needed.
In order to get a full picture, further information is needed.
In order to get a complete picture, further data is needed.
In order to get a complete picture, further source is needed.
In order to get a complete picture, further sources is needed.
原句：The house is wrongly reputed to have been the poet's birthplace.
变异句：
The office is wrongly reputed to have been the poet's birthplace.
原句：The new rules could mean the end of football as we know it.
变异句：
The current rules could mean the end of football as we know it.
The same rules could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new law could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new laws could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new regulations could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new requirements could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new rule could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new standards could mean the end of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the day of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the days of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the month of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the months of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the time of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the weeks of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the year of football as we know it.
The new rules could mean the end of club as we know it.
The new rules could mean the end of league as we know it.
The new rules could mean the end of team as we know it.
原句：The rules are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
变异句：
The law are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
The laws are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
The regulations are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
The requirements are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
The rule are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
The standards are there to ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment.
原句：He wanted to take no risks, however small.
变异句：
原句：The type was too small for me to read.
变异句：
The example was too small for me to read.
The types was too small for me to read.
The type was too few for me to read.
The type was too large for me to read.
The type was too larger for me to read.
The type was too smaller for me to read.
The type was too tiny for me to read.
原句：Eating too much sugar can lead to health problems.
变异句：
Eating too much corn can lead to health problems.
Eating too much milk can lead to health problems.
原句：Do you take sugar in your tea?
变异句：
Do you take corn in your tea?
Do you take milk in your tea?
